In the previous video, we already practice
about switch.
So here we have topology that contains 5 pc,
And all of the pc is connected to the switch.
All of this pc is in the same block subnet,
which is the first block subnet.
Before we learn about router, let’s create
the same topology again, but we will use the
second block subnet.
Here let’s import a switch, and then let’s
import some PC.
Let’s say we will use 3 pc. and then connecting
all of the pc to the switch
Okay now let’s configure the ip address
of the pc using the second block subnet.
let’s say the ip address is start from 33.
Remember that network ip can never be used,
so we can not use 32.
The possible ip address that we can use is
between 33 until 62.
In this case we will start from 33.
Here let’s go to desktop, ip configuration,
the ip address is 10.10.10.33, and then the
subnetmask is 255.255.255.224.
Okay next here let’s configure with 34,
so the ip address is 10.10.10.34, the subnetmask
is 255.255.255.224, last, let’s configure
with 35.
Here the ip address 10.10.10.35, and the subnetmask
is 255.255.255.224.
Okay we have done configuring the ip address
of all pc. now let’s test the connection
between pc5, pc6 and pc7.
Here let’s try from pc5 to pc6.
Okay success.
This is mean that the connection between pc5
and pc6 is ok.
Let’s try from pc6 to pc7, okay also success.
And finally from pc5 to pc7, okay and this
is also success.
Okay now we have two topology, let’s say
the first topology is room number 1, and the
second topology is room number 2.
And this two room is use different block subnet.
In the next video, we are going to learn how
to connecting this two room, okay, thankyou
for watching and see you on the next video!